docs: fix typos in intro pages (#2674)
op-rs/kona: docs/docs/pages/intro/lore.mdx

Once Fault Proofs were released with guardrails in the spring of 2024,
[@clabby] and [@refcell] returned to the world of Rust to kick off a new fault

> proof implementation, this time in Rust. Using our learnings from golang, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proof implementation, this time in Rust. Using our learnings from [op-program], we
```
op-pogram would be more suitable here no @refcell @clabby ?

> proof implementation, this time in Rust. Using our learnings from [op-program], we

Reviewer: the `op-program` link is missing
